# Sakai-Selenium

##Overview
This is a webapp to allow for easy upload of customizable selenium scripts generated from the Selenium IDE. This structure is meant to make it easier for organizations with limited technical QA personnel to move away from manual testing and towards the world of automated testing.
This app allows users to upload Selenium scripts (which are checked against the format generated by the Selenium IDE), and URLs to run these scripts against. 
Users can then enter the app and run these scripts on any of the URLs that have been uploaded currently, and see the resultant output. Whether these scripts are full-blown tests or snippets to prepare manual tests, this app allows users to reuse commonly used clicks, or to actively develop a QA system.

##Future Versions
We would like to eventually have the following features in this app:

1. We would like to fully sandbox the running of these scripts using pypy's sandoxed version, to ensure safety from custom scripts (this would allow for more flexibility in terms of what selenium files users could upload)

2. We would like to allow an option for users to change the values of field entries (e.g. username, password, poll name) from the client side display

3. We would like the parameters of an uploaded script to be stored along with the script in the database.

4. We would like to do more pre-processing of the script in the server, so that users do not have to manually change the URL and add certain scripts

5. We would like to move off of the unittest framework (unittest.main is a nightmare), and call individual methods, rather than have several workarounds to fit with the unittest.main function.

##Developer
To run server, go to Sakai-Selenium/myproject and run
```python
sudo python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:80
```
required dependencies are Python 2.7, Django 1.8, Selenium and firefox


To generate a script, download the firefox extension selenium-IDE, and record your clicks and actions.
Then go to File/Export and export the script as a python unittest.

Your script must be uploaded from the Selenium IDE (or using the same import structure, as listed below), to help ensure that harmful code snippets are not accidentally run.
```python
from selenium import ....
from selenium import ....
import unittest, time, re...
```

##Uploading Scripts
If you want the URL your script is tested on to be variable (i.e. they can be changed on the frontend), follow the steps below. 
Otherwise, please put the URL your script is running on in the title of the script!

inside your script, before uploading, add the lines:
```python
url = sys.argv[1]
del sys.argv[1]
```
and replace the line:
```python
self.base_url = "http://xxx.xxx/"
```
with 
```python
self.base_url = url
```


Your script should then be good to upload. 

